I can rely on reliable
Can't you press it?
It's good to be pretty.
If you say you are promoted, you will be promoted
Who made people great in bed?
We don't have that ability
He feels that his colleagues
There's no need to be so ugly
And I never use it
Any means of downloading you
To get this position
I am also a victim of Manager Ma's incident.
Can you not make the victim guilty?
Okay, let's stop talking
But you just got promoted.
It is inevitable that some old employees will be unconvinced
But you are sitting in this position
Always have to make some achievements
Happy isn't it?
A big customer has just returned to China.
Take the project.
Our company has completed all its targets this year
No makeup as long as you can eat road shit
Then I'm convinced
How about that? It's a mousse road repair.
I heard it's notoriously difficult
Not nearly female
I'm going to hit a wall this time without makeup
My nose is bruised and my face is swollen.
OK, I'll take it
If you can't get this project
So I stepped down as manager.
No no no no no
Not step down from the position of manager
It's that you voluntarily get out of this company